Captain Zapp Brannigan: Oh, God, I'm pathetic. Sorry. Just go... You want the rest of the cham-paggin? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Oh, God, no! 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: [sexily] Come and get it! 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: You look like a woman who appreciates the finer things in life. Come over here and feel my velour bedspread. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Cham-paggin? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Well, I have studied abroad... or two. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Kif, I have made it with a woman. Inform the men. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Brannigan's Law is like Brannigan's love, hard and fast. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Mmm... Welcome to my humble chamber or as I call it, "The Lovenasium". 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: We have failed to uphold Brannigan's Law. However I did make it with a hot alien babe. And in the end, is that not what man has dreamt of since first he looked up at the stars? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Kif, I'm asking you a question. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Captain's journal. Stardate: uhhh... 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: As my protégé you should know that the only way to deal with a female adversary is to seduce her. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: This time we are sure she's a woman, right? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: In the game of chess you can never let your adversary see your pieces. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: So, crawling back to the big Z like a bird on its belly. Delicious. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: [musing to himself after capturing Fry, Leela and Bender] Rock breaks scissors. But paper covers rock, and scissors cut paper! Kiff: we have a conundrum. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Search them for paper... and bring me a rock. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Captain's log. Stardate: 3000.6. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: You, Kif. Aren't you writing this down? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Now you're officially my woman. Kudos! I can't say I don't envy you. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: And which one rocked your world? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: You'll be negotiating with the balls mysterious leaders, the Brain Balls. They've got a lot of brains, and they've got a lot of chutzpah... 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Oh god, I've never been so happy to be beaten up by a woman. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Stop exploding, you cowards. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: That young man fills me with hope. Plus some other emotions which are weird and deeply confusing. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Don't ask me. You're the ones who are going to be dying. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Easy, soldier! You spooked Felicity. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: There, there, boy. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: As you know, the key to victory is the element of surprise. Surprise! 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Men, you're lucky men. Soon, you'll all be fighting for your planet. many of you will be dying for your planet. A few of you will be put through a fine mesh screen for your planet. They will be the luckiest of all. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: I'm de-promoting you, soldier. Kiff, what's the most humiliating job there is? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: If it's a lesson in love, watch out. I suffer from a very sexy learning disability. What did I call it, Kiff? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Uh-huh.Uh-huh. That's whatever you were talking about for ya. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Private Lemon is the finest soldier I've seen since my mirror got grease on it. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: A valid question! We know nothing about them, their language, their history or what they look like. But we can assume this. They stand for everything we don't stand for. Also they told me you guys look like dorks. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Dammit, Kif! Where's the little umbrella? That's what makes it as scotch on the rocks. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: We need rest. The spirit is willing, but the flesh is spongy and bruised. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: I don't often say this, but you three are the most beautiful gigantic ladies I've ever laid eyes upon. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: [piloting a floating restaurant] Ah, she's built like a steakhouse but she handles like a bistro. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: I don't know. This entire sector is uncharted. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: [crashing into a planet] You win again, gravity! 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Well, this promises to be one disturbingly erotic date. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Waiter, a bottle of your finest wine. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: And some oysters on the half shell. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: I don't know. This whole area is uncharted. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Kif old friend - let's rap. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: You know, I find the most erotic part of a woman is the boobies. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Since this is an emergency, all robots will now have their patriotism circuits activated. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: If we hit that bullseye, the rest of the dominoes should fall like a house of cards. Checkmate. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Now, like all great plans, my strategy is so simple an idiot could have devised it. On my command all ships will line up and file directly into the alien death cannons, clogging them with wreckage. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: You're a brave robot, son. But when I'm in command every mission's a suicide mission. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Maybe that's just her excuse for being incompetent. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Our mission is clear: destroy all alien lifeforms. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Right. Nobody destroy Kif. Unless you have to. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Stop exploding, you cowards! 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Leela, perhaps before we head into battle you'd like to make love to me, in case one of us doesn't come back. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: [misunderstanding] Here's hoping. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: [huge spaceship appears] What the hell is that thing? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Then what did we just blow up? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: The key to victory is discipline, and that means a well-made bed. You will practice until you can make your bed in your sleep. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: You won't have time for sleeping, soldier, not with all the bed making you'll be doing. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Maybe that's just her excuse for being incompetent 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Kiff, I'm feeling the "captain's itch". 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: But as a gentleman, I must warn you, if you so much as glance at another woman, I'll be on Leela like a fly on a pile of very seductive manure. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Come back when it's a catastrophe. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Don't blame yourself, Kif. We were doomed from the start. I guess all that remains now is for the captain to go down with the ship. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: No, it's noble of you, Kif. As of now, you're in command. Congratulations, Captain. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: That's for schoolgirls. Now here's a course with some chest hair. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Ah, yes. Comets, the icebergs of the sky. By jackknifing off one after another at breakneck speed, we can create a gravity boost, or something. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: We'll just set a new course for that empty region over there, near that blackish, holeish thing. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: She's a beautiful ship. Shapely, seductive. I'm gonna fly her brains out. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Kif, I'm feeling the Captain's Itch. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Leela, I didn't know where else to turn. You're the only woman who's ever loved me. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Just let me work for a little food. Perhaps I could paint a fence, or service you sexually, or mop the floor.
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Leela, you may be a formidable do-er of the nasty, but I'm forced to relieve you of your post. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: You know, boys, a good captain needs abilities like boldness, daring and a good velour uniform, and I'm not convinced Leela has ANY of those things. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Here's to us poor schmoes, working for the man. Even if he is a hot, sexy female man. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: One day, a man has everything. Then the next day, he blows up a billion dollar space station. And then the next day, he has nothing. Makes you think, huh, Kipp? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: It was almost the perfect crime, but you forgot the one thing: rock crushes scissors. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: But paper covers rock. And scissors cuts paper. Kif, we have a conundrum. Search them for paper. And bring me a rock. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: One day, a man has everything. Then the next day, he blows up a billion dollar space station. And then the next day, he has nothing. Makes you think, huh, Kif? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: [surprises Leela in bed] How about I help you finish that dream you were having about me? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Uh, let's try that a little lower and a lot softer. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: [interrupting Kif's videophone call] Lieutenant, some things came off me and clogged up the drain and... Oh, ho, what's this? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Well, well, well. Do my eyes believe me, or is that my bosomy swan, Leela? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Spare me your space age technobabble, Attila the Hun. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Leela! How could you? Our love has had to endure your constant hatred, and now this? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Stop testing our love! 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Kif, I'm sensing a very sensual disturbance in the force. Prepare for ship-to-ship intimacy. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: [interrupting Kif's videophone call] Lieutenant, some things came off me and clogged the drain, so if you could... Oh, ho, what's this? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Well, well, well. Do my eyes believe me, or is that my bosomy swan, Leela? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: I am the man with no name, Zapp Brannigan at your service. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Now remember Kif, the quickest way to a girl's bed is through her parents. Have sex with them and you're in. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Of course you are. You're meek and uninteresting. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Don't be such a chicken, Kif. Teenagers smoke, and they seem pretty on-the-ball. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Chief, my people are a people of law, and the law is no backsies. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: I am the man with no name, Zapp Brannigan! 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: I realize this may hurt our chances of consummating our relationship again. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Say, these would go great with some guacamol. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: The Omicronians have decided not to eat all the humans. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: [Free Waterfall Jr. has given away that the orangutan has taken Leela's place] Why'd you open your bonghole, you smelly hippie? You'd sacrifice a beautiful woman to save a moderately attractive monkey? You must have smoked some bad granola! 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: I'll never tell! 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: [Nervously] I'll get her for you 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Do you understand the charges? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Yes, so noted. Do you plead guilty? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Double yes. Guilty. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: The court will now hear some very sensual testimony from this court's ex-lover, Turanga Leela. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: You mean the mass migration of Star Wars fans? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Happy Freedom Day, ladies! Come on, show me something. Anything. Seriously, I'd take an armpit. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: You can't be too careful with these codes. Rumor has it a double agent is aboard this very ship. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: I'm watching you. You, ensign. What's your name? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Hugh Man? Now that's a name you can trust. Run down to the central battle computer and enter these codes. Chop, chop! 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: You're damn right there is. That strapping young lad is gunning for your job, and he just might get it. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: That's a wave of destruction that's easy on the eyes! 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Now there's a wave of destruction that's easy on the eyes. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: [singing] There it is, Miss Universe... There it is, looking weird... 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: I surrender and volunteer myself for treason! 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: President Nixon. What the hell. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: My God, we're defenseless, like fish in a barrel. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: I suggest hiding in this barrel, like the wily fish. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Magnify that death sphere. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: The Spiderians, though weak and gilrly in combat, are masters of the textile arts. Taste like king crab, by the way. The lazy bugs actually wove this tapestry celebrating my victory as I was killing them. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Hey, freakshow! Your face has been declared a weapon of mass disgusting! 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Ladies, you're under arrest. Prepare to be boarded again and again. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Bender here's identified the femdido commander as my ex-lover Turanga Leela, whom I once made love at. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: We fight this battle not for ourselves, but for our children, and our children's children, which is why I'm forming a children's brigade. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Great leader, I offer you a sacrifice. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: How about this? 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Hell of a thing sending another universe to certain doom. Lots of fun, though. Makes a man feel big. 
Captain Zapp Brannigan: Fire all weapons and set a transmission frequency for my victory yodel.
